More detailed explanation of the two variants of using time. (#3858)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/synchronous.tex

A special case is the built-in variable \lstinline!time! (see \cref{built-in-variable-time}).
Each use of \lstinline!time! is conceptually included as a separate variable in this analysis, $\mathit{time}_i$ with $\text{\lstinline!der!}(\mathit{time}_{i}) = 1$.
\begin{nonnormative}
This means that  \lstinline!time! can be used in two different ways.

The most intuitive is \lstinline!sample(time)! which works in any clocked partition, similarly as sampling any other continuous-time variable.

Additionally, \lstinline!time! can also be directly used in different clocked partitions without any restrictions.

> However, every sub-partition directly referencing \lstinline!time! contains a call to \lstinline!der!, which makes it a discretized sub-partition \cref{discretized-partition}.

Author: As follows:
```suggestion
On the other hand, if \lstinline!time! is used without sampling it in a clocked partition, it brings a use of \lstinline!der! to its sub-partition, and hence the sub-partition will be a discretized one (compare \cref{discretized-partition}).
```
